Congratulations, you've now come to the conclusion of ROS Essentials.
Armed with the understanding of ROS you've learned here,
you are now prepared for the projects to come.
While we've done our best to give you
a solid understanding of the fundamental concepts of ROS,
the lessons here are by no means comprehensive.
Fortunately there are a wealth of resources available online.
For example, there's the ROS Wiki.
The ROS Wiki is the official source of documentation for all ROS packages.
Additionally, there are many helpful tutorials there.
Aside from a simple search on Google,
this is probably the first place you should go if you're having ROS related problems.
If the Wiki doesn't provide the answers you're looking for,
ROS Answers will be the next best bet.
With tens of thousands of questions answered on Ross Answers,
there's a good chance that somebody has
already solved the problem that you're dealing with.
And there you have it. With these tools you're ready to start building.